hey everybody his truck and monkey and
today when we showing off the luxe groom
and I just got her in the other day and
i'm really happy i did finally able to
add him to my Thundercat collection of
the bad guys and he does come in his
plunder armor and i think he looks
really neat just a lot of tons of detail
on this guy as you can see nice
plun-darr symbol on his chest is a good
close up on his head just a very nice
figure and he is a little bit more
expensive than the other basic four inch
he's about I got him at toys r us so he
was even a little bit more expensive he
was around 14 or 15 99 I think but it
was the only place I saw him so I'm not
really wanting to pay that much for him
and I'll quick do a size comparison you
use next to Mum raw and the lizard
soldiers well there are the three bad
guys we have so far I just need to pick
up a mum raw I'm still debating whether
i get the 4 inch for the 6-inch mama
excuse me um I don't know which 1 i'll
be getting hopefully i can decide get
one soon so I really would like to have
a mama huh Oh a bigger mama and groom
comes with a lot of accessories um come
with a bow a quiver and an arrow and of
course his signature mace well for
weekend of these just want to talk about
the figure a little bit more he reminds
me of just a like they took the panther
am old and just changed it
as you can see he is a little bit
different but and the shame is with a
groom here he doesn't have more pose
ability which I was hoping for being
deluxe figure and having a more price
point I thought he'd have more pose
ability than he does but he is posed
abilities actually a little bit more
hindered but like I said he's still an
awesome figure and you still got to get
him so now we'll get on those
accessories here's the quiver in the
arrow arrow does pull out but it is bent
from packaging which is a shame but it's
nothing to not be expected the soft
plastic so you just fit that in there
and then it does have a magnet so that
can just tab right onto his back and
that's usually where i have it stored i
think that looks really neat and then
his bow and they do have Holden so if
you do want to put a string or something
in there you probably can just pull it
back and pretend to be firing arrows I
think that's really cool and his arrow
does have a little nub on there and you
can fit that a little peg hole let's tab
that in like that and you can't have
them hold it
again it's the same thing with a lot of
the figures the accessories are a little
too small for their hands but if you do
turn it a little bit he can hold it and
it stays in the one spot it doesn't
rotate out or anything so onto his mace
uses maces big weapon in this thing I
thought would be all hard plastic but of
course this handle down here is soft
plastic so any home place you can see
I'm holding it and it is bending really
have to hold it up here for two not bend
which is a shame because I think that
should have just made this whole thing
all hard plastic
so there's grown all armored up and his
mace does come with the extending
feature that's probably the main magnet
gimmick of them so just pull this out
and the magnet is located right here
just get that on his back as you can see
it extends put do it again push it in
there you go so it makes it a little bit
longer
that's hard for him to hold it like up
in this pose because it will eventually
just hitting his knee now but it makes
them a little front heavy and all that
so how'd you have it just on the ground
like that so narrow here is gruene but
is fully extended may it's all ready to
kick some thunder cab but and here he is
again with Panthro and groom will be in
the new episode that will premiere
tomorrow actually old friends I believe
it's called really excited to see that
episode so final faults on gruene is
he's great um like I said I really like
the way the figure looks but he is
limited with some pose ability his legs
are a little limited here with the armor
and his head can't row takes up all the
hair but I think just like the look of
the figure it makes up for those tiny
flaws I think they could have done a
little bit better with his accessories I
like of course the mace that's I did I
that's the real accessories I was
looking forward to but the bow and the
arrow and stuff I mean I wish you could
at least hold it I know it's not as bad
as mom raw the four-inch mum row with
his sword but it is something but like I
said still an excellent figure go out
and get him if you don't have him and
you really got to add him do you
Thundercats collection to start building
up some bad guys so there he is and I'll
see you guys next time hopefully with
some classic Thundercats or a six inch
or four inch mama I'll see you guys
later